[Music]
thousand people freezing their butts off
waiting to worship a rat with her man
Phil Connors is spending the day in
pucks itani Pennsylvania mad man Ryerson
I did the whistling bellybutton trick at
the high school talent show
but bills about to find out he's not
just stuck in pucks itani were you'll be
checking out today mr. Connors chance
departure today 100%
he started any Groundhog Day I'm
reliving the same day you have deja vu
mrs. Lancaster I don't think so but I
could check with the kitchen well it's
Groundhog Day again at first he was a
little anxious
[Music]
I'd say the chance of departure is 80%
but now
[Applause]
he's discovering the possibilities don't
you worry about cholesterol one and
living life like there's no tomorrow
Phil Connors because there isn't I'm an
immortal I have been stabbed shot burned
frozen electrocuted I'm a God your God
I'm a god I'm not the God he's out of
his gourd but to get what his heart
wants most like a fulfill a date for the
weekend means living this day over again
till he gets it right later or not
I studied 19th century French poetry I
study 19th century French poetry that
few Jamela you speak French
Bill Murray Andie MacDowell - the
groundhog I always dreamed world peace
what should we drink to
I like to say a prayer and drink to
world peace don't Drive Angry
don't try they
you might be okay life has a funny way
of repeating itself what did you do
today Oh same ol soon
you